I think our daughters our friends think
that makes us friends I'm hunter I'm
Lisa that's my Julie Mitchell kids here
oh I can't believe it's prompt they're
so grown up
can you hug my daughter anymore without
feeling her boobs just high-fives no
[Music]
laptop open because are stepping on our
kids oh we don't understand what they're
saying so it's not snooping
and teenage emoji eggplants are dicks
all emojis have a secret meaning select
trees are we and this thing is your
screen so she's gonna get Rosita kiss
and then touch his dick eggplant come on
drool come out this - that's just stand
down they're planning on losing their
virginity on prom night maybe that's not
sex through I'm gonna stop them chime in
let's block those
this is our last big night together this
practice gonna mix not even more perfect
your getaway WWV dee dee what would Vin
Diesel do
[Music]
in terms of prices parents are no new
super humans joke
so messed up did your dad try to stop
you when you wanted to lose your
virginity he's too busy high-fiving me
I'll do anything for my daughter what
about a little chugging contests
bringing that what we're but Chuck
you got this dog no I'm tagging out
you're in what put a baby everything's
looser down there a baby out of my back
on the count of three one I'm tripping
so hard I just had a vision
my dad was chugging beer it was
I can't
[Music]